
Academic Honesty
by Eddie Cheng - Wednesday, August 28, 2024, 2:34 PM
Number of replies: 0
Dear APM 2663 students,

 
Below in a message from the chair of the department. I echo the statement from her. In Summer 2020, I had to forward several cases involving 6 students to the Dean of Students Office, and in Fall 2021, I had to forward one case to the Dean of Students Office.
 
—
This is a very important message about ACADEMIC HONESTY that the Chair of the 
Department of Mathematics and Statistics wishes for me to send to all students taking 
classes from our Department.
 

 
Dear Math and Stats Students at Oakland University:
 

The Department of Mathematics and Statistics as well as other scientific departments at Oakland University 
have all seen a large number of cheating cases on exams and other assessments in remotely taught classes. 
 

Therefore, I am sending you a VERY STRONG WARNING to not cheat in your courses.  Please know for 
sure that our instructors have a job to do. Part of that job is to send cases of suspected cheating forward to the 
Office of the Dean of Students for processing.  This is to maintain the integrity of the name Oakland University. 
 

In addition, please also know that approximately 47 students were brought forward recently for cheating on 
exams/assessments in some of our courses and ALL either confessed or were found guilty at each hearing. 
  
Please also know that, as mathematicians and statisticians, we are sometimes very well connected with 
discovering (internet/apps) cheating.   That is exactly how ALL of the cases mentioned were caught in the first place.  
 

So, please do not even consider cheating in your courses.  As mentioned in your course syllabus, cheating is taken 
very seriously at Oakland University and has led to suspensions, expulsions, and even to students 
having to leave the country.
 

Please help us keep the high integrity of Oakland University.  
 

I wish all of our students the very best on exams and other assessments!
 

Sincerely,
 

 

Anna Maria Spagnuolo
